This post is dedicated to the people we meet in this life that just don't get it. Whether it's for good or bad, right or wrong, up or down, they just fall short of regular human interaction.

I recently moved to NYC and when you move to a new city, you try to make friends. Making friends after college is tough. Along the way you'll often times meet some interesting characters (fucking weirdos). This is the story of one of those times. 

Ok so I just moved and it's the 4th of July. Fortunately I got to move in with my brother, he's my rock. A solid person I can always go to when needing someone to hang with. The plan for the 4th is to get drunk, watch fireworks, go out. Simple, elegant, effective. He tells me he has a "bro" coming. This bro, let's say his name is Steve, is who this story is about. A bro to remember if you will. 

I meet Steve and he's a great guy. Nice dude, super positive. One of the first things he asks me though is if I have a gf. I say no, he says good, we're getting laid tonight. Okay, I appreciate your faith in my getting laid skills. Honestly, I have a batting average that looks like a slow kid's test scores but he's building me up so I feel good. The night goes on and we party, watch fireworks and go out. We make it to a bar where they're doing some kareoke and Steve and I belt a backstreet boys song and in the process meet two fine young women.

Now the night goes on and we have a good time, we pass out at my house. Pretty regular. The next day is when thing get a bit weird. We grab some breakfast and talk about our hangover. Cool. He asks what Im going to do afterward, I say workout. "I could get a workout in". Okay yeah. We workout. We come back inside. Eat some lunch. Still here. Now we watch tv. This dude wont leave. We get some dinner. Grab a beer. He. wont. leave. He asks to stay the night again. Uhh.. sure (I'm to awkward to say no).
The next day I wake up and I swear the first thing he said was "What's the plan for today?". Dude, I met you 2 days ago, the plan is getting you the fuck out of my life...is what I wanted to say. What I did say, was oh I've got a job interview today. He managed to get the hint and took off. All is well.

But did I mention we had told him we were having a party Saturday? So two days later he comes over for a party. Now that I've had some time away from Steve, it's good to see him again. He really is a good guy, super positive remember? Anyway we party at our house have a great time. Some people leave, the rest of us decide to go to a bar. Him and my roommate, let's call her Anne, are talking on the way to the bar. I wasnt really feeling the bar but I wanted everyone to leave my house so I stopped in for a drink. 
After finishing my drink, I made for the exit and wouldnt you know it, Steve is sitting on the ground outside the bar leaning against a fire hydrant. I try to avoid him but I fuck up and make eye contact. Fuck. He jumps up and starts walking with me.

>Hey man, Anne got me kicked out.

We make it to the corner.

>Damn, I'm going home to pass out What are you going to do? 

>Lets go drink at your place. 

>Umm, if Anne got you kicked out, I don't wanna take you back to our place. You should snag a taxi home or the train is a block that way.

>Are you serious man? 

>Yeah, I dont really know what happened between you and Anne but I doubt she would appreciate you being at the apartment when she gets back

I feel bad, I do but in the situation I thought it was the right thing to do. So I continue to trek, stop to eat a slice of pizza at my go-to. I am so ready to pass out now and when I get home guess who the fuck is in my livingroom. Steve. On some movie shit. He gives me this shit eating grin with eyes glazed over monstrosity of a look. Apparently my 3rd roommate saw him sitting outside the bar, which means after our conversation he went back to sitting outside the bar. This fucking guy man. My roommate told him he can crash at our place. This is so awkward. I go to bed and the next day he's like "Wanna grab brunch". No, are you homeless? I've known you for 5 days and you have spent the night 3 of them. Does that not seem odd to you? Some people you meet in this world just dont understand personal space and this guy may top the charts.

Anyway, we're hanging out tomorrow. Also, I'm taking applications for new friends, no experience required. 
